Cd ng release saas january 5th 2023 for 781xx (#299)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/continuous-delivery.md

- Jira Description field doesn't scale for long text (CDS-48228)
  
  Description field now uses textarea component which will have better user experience.
- Create new template form does not show up when a user is creating a second account-level template in a single login session (CDS-48141)
  
  Incorrect template (with type info) entry in IDB prevents template studio from opening. This issue has been fixed.
- User cannot select Primary Artifact in pipeline input form (CDS-48065)
  
  Multiple Artifact Source is only available with service V2. With this fix UI will only allow multiple artifact option with service V2. As this UI check was not present earlier, some users had multiple artifact sources with service V1. All those configurations will need to fixed by users.
- Custom Remote Manifest: error message needs to be improved when Chart.yaml is given instead of directory (CDS-48038)
  
  Error improvement is done around custom manifest Helm chart path using Helm deployment.
- When the time frame is prior to current time the global window API is returning success but UI is still disabled (CDS-47760)
  

>   Earlier we were creating expired times for new freeze windows that will never get active. Due to this, manual freeze was getting marked as expired after creation, but global freeze was getting enabled in database even though it is expired. We have added to check to throw exception in case the new freeze window created is already expired.

Reviewer: This is confusing and I'm not sure how to make it better. Please revise for clarity.

Author: updated with:

> - [Deployment freeze](../docs/continuous-delivery/cd-deployments-category/deployment-freeze.md): When the freeze window schedule time frame is prior to the current time, the API returns success but the UI is still disabled. (CDS-47760)
>   
> When users created freeze window schedule time frames that are in the past, the freeze window was marked as expired right after creation, which is correct, but the global freeze (`Freeze disabled on all deployments for this [Account/Organization/Project]`) was getting enabled. Now we throw an exception when the new freeze window created is already expired.

Reviewer: Some additional revisions:
When users created freeze window schedule time frames that were in the past, the freeze window was marked as expired right after creation, which is correct, but the global freeze (Freeze disabled on all deployments for this [Account/Organization/Project]) was enabled. Now, we throw an exception when the newly created freeze window is already expired.

> - The template input screen is blank when we try changing the template version (CDS-47641) A black template input screen is shown when version of a linked template is changed from **stable** to **always use stable version**. Happens only for pipeline template. This issue has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The template input screen is blank when changing the template version. (CDS-47641) 

A black template input screen is shown when the version of a linked template is changed from **stable** to **always use stable version**. This happens only for pipeline templates. This issue has been fixed.
```

> - The template input screen is blank when we try changing the template version (CDS-47641) A black template input screen is shown when version of a linked template is changed from **stable** to **always use stable version**. Happens only for pipeline template. This issue has been fixed.

Reviewer: Should "black" be "blank"?

- multi-service: getting NPE when trying to run a pipeline with propagate services from previous stage (CDS-47626)
  

>   We don't support propagate service from previous stage in case of multi-service deployments.

Reviewer: Please revise for clarify. This sounds like something that isn't supported rather than something that was fixed.

Author: changed to:

> - The [Deployment Template](../docs/continuous-delivery/onboard-cd/cd-quickstarts/custom-deployment-tutorial.md) **Details** screen goes blank when changing the template version in **Version Label**. (CDS-47641) 

>  A blank template **Details** screen is shown when the version of a linked template is changed from **stable** to **Always use stable version**. This happens only for pipeline templates. This issue has been fixed. Now you can change the **Version Label** and there is no issue.

Reviewer: @michaelcretzman my comment was regarding CDS-47626, not CDS-47641.

> - shading color when adding a connector is off (CDS-47282)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When adding a connector, the **Details** dialog is unclear. (CDS-47282)
```

>   Added delegate selector title and icon with details for Kubernetes8s Connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The UI was improved so that it now includes a delegate selector title and an icon with details for the Kubernetes Connector.
```

- ACR connector: connector reference when passed as expression is not getting resolved (CDS-46816)

  Created new endpoints for fetching subscription Ids, registries, repositories for ACR artifacts. These new endpoints receive the pipeline Id and input YAML data, which allows for expression rendering for the ACR parameters using variables declared in the pipeline.

> - ServiceNow import sets logging issues (CDS-43958)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ServiceNow import sets logging issues. (CDS-43958)
```

>   Descriptive console logs have been added in the ServiceNow Import Set step for various scenarios. This will further help in debugging or monitoring the step from console tab itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Descriptive console logs have been added in the ServiceNow Import Set step for various scenarios. This will further help in debugging or monitoring the step from the console tab.
```

> - Getting "Connector Not Found Error" when checked from the pipeline (CDS-43812)

Reviewer: When what is checked?

Author: if the connector referenced in the pipeline exists.

changed to:

- Getting "Connector Not Found Error" when you save a pipeline using the Physical DataCenter connector even when the connector exists. (CDS-43812)
  
  Fixed the check for the Physical DataCenter connector.

>   Fixed test connection for Physical DataCenter connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Fixed the test connection for the Physical DataCenter connector.
```

> - Secret value is not masked in the exception (CDS-43267)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Secret value is not masked in the exception. (CDS-43267)
```

>   Issue: secrets were not masked in exceptions due to invalid JSON input data containing secrets in ServiceNow Import Sets. Solution: proper sanitization is added to ensure secrets are masked in exception resulting in this scenario in logs as well as in UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Secrets were not masked in exceptions due to invalid JSON input data containing secrets in ServiceNow Import Sets. 
  
Proper sanitization was added to ensure secrets are masked in exceptions resulting in this scenario in logs as well as in the UI.
```

> - Approval slack notification sending names instead of identifier in the approval notification (CDS-29134)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Approval Slack notification sending names instead of identifier in the approval notification. (CDS-29134)
```

>   Harness approval notifications via slack and email currently send identifiers instead of readable names. For example, for details regarding organization, project, and triggered by metadata, identifiers are sent instead of names. This issue has been resolved. The notification now contains names, emails, etc., instead of identifiers. For users triggering the Approval step, email is displayed. For organization and projects, names are displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Harness approval notifications via Slack and email currently send identifiers instead of readable names. For example, for details regarding organization and project, and triggered by metadata, identifiers are sent instead of names. This issue has been resolved. The notification now contains names, emails, etc., instead of identifiers. For users triggering the approval step, email is displayed. For organization and projects, names are displayed.
```

Harness deploys updates progressively to different Harness SaaS clusters. You can identify the cluster hosting your account in your Account Overview page. The features and fixes in the release notes may not be available in your cluster immediately.
:::

> ## January 5th, 2023, version 78100

Reviewer: Make sure you update the date and version number.
